# ABOUT ME
##### *I like to show more about myself in this page. Like what I like to do, why I choose digital technology this year, what I really want to make and what my pas projects that I have made last year.*
My name is Kartika and I'm 15 years old now and I'm from Indonesia. I like do something that I find it's interisting activites. I have some hobbies too, my hobbies are make an art, cooking, and editing. I like to make a little animation when I have a free time. I can speak some languages too like Japanese and Balinese. I can speak Japanese just a little bit because I learnt it in my old school but still I'm not that good because I just remember about it a bit. Balinese language is the main language I should use to speak with my big family, Balinese languages is came from Bali (where I was born) but still I didn't that good when I decided to speak Balinese with my big family
## What I like to do
I like making an art but I can make an art just when I have my mood on because if I have no mood my art would looks really bad and that's why I didn't choose art this year even I like to drawing or painting because I don't want to hate one of my favourtie hobby. I like to cooking too because sometimes I help my mom in the kitchen. The last one is editing, I like to make a little animaiton when I have free times even it really hard but I still like to make an animation because it's fun, the best part is when I need to re-draw it.
## Why I choose digital technology this year?
I choose digital this year because of some reasons like I admiring my brother because he can made something that really in
